SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 36 (#11451)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/winforms/advanced/how-to-shear-colors.md

## Example  
 The following example constructs an <xref:System.Drawing.Image> object from the file ColorBars4.bmp. Then the code applies the shearing transformation described in the preceding paragraph to each pixel in the image.  
  
 The following illustration shows the original image on the left and the sheared image on the right: 
  

>  ![Screenshot that shows an original image and a sheared image.](./media/how-to-shear-colors/original-image-sheared-image.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Two squares with colored stripes side-by-side illustrating the original image and the sheared image.](./media/how-to-shear-colors/original-image-sheared-image.png)  
```
